coffeeComment         comment         #0088FF comment
coffeeBlockComment    comment         #0088FF multiln comment
coffeeTodo            comment         #0088FF no idea
coffeeHeregexComment  comment         #0088FF no idea
coffeeKeyword         FF9A00          #FF9A00 class
coffeeObject          967EFB          #967EFB className
coffeeObjAssign       FFC600          #FFC600 methodname
coffeeExtendedOp      FF9A00          #FF9A00 operators : -> =
coffeeParen           CCCCCC          #CCCCCC ( )
coffeeParens          CCCCCC          #CCCCCC parameter
coffeeSpecialOp       CCCCCC          #CCCCCC , in func params
coffeeStatement       FF9900          #FF9B00 return
coffeeString          String          #3AD900 string
coffeeHeredoc         String         `#3AD900 multiline string
coffeeInterpDelim     FFFFFF          #FFFFFF interpolation #{}
coffeeInterp          9EFF80          #9EFF80 interp content
coffeeRegex           80FFC2          #80FFC2 regular expression
coffeeEscape          98F99D          #98F99D regex esc val
coffeeRegexCharSet    22FF00          #22FF00 regex [A-z]
coffeeHeregex         80FFC2          #80FFC2 no idea
coffeeHeregexCharSet  22FF00          #22FF00 no idea
coffeeSpecialIdent    CCCCCC          #CCCCCC class var
coffeeBracket         FFFFFF          #FFFFFF [ ]
coffeeBrackets        FFFFFF          #FFFFFF array value
coffeeNumber          FF628C          #FF628C integer
coffeeFloat           FF628C          #FF628C float
coffeeCurly           FFFFFF          #FFFFFF { }
coffeeCurlies         FFFFFF          #FFFFFF hash value
coffeeConditional     FF9B00          #FF9B00 if else
coffeeBoolean         FF628C          #FF628C true false
coffeeSpecialVar      EE80E1          #EE80E1 this
coffeeDotAccess       FFFFFF          #FFFFFF . for method call
coffeeConstant        FF628C          #FF628C constant
coffeeRepeat          FF9B00          #FF9B00 for loop keyword
coffeeGlobal          FF628C          #FF628C undefined
coffeeOperator        FF9B00          #FF9B00 typof
coffeeSemicolonError  ErrorMsg        #902020 unnecess ;
coffeeReservedError   ErrorMsg        #902020 unnecess func
coffeeSpaceError      ErrorMsg        #902020 no idea
