CSS
===

Selectors
---------

cssTagName                Statement     tag selectors

cssIdentifier             Function      id selector (name and # sign)

cssClassNameDot           Function      class selector . sign
cssClassName              Function      class selector name

cssProp                   StorageClass
cssMediaProp              cssProp
cssPageProp               cssProp
cssFontProp               cssProp
cssFontDescriptorProp     cssProp
cssAnimationProp          cssProp
cssBackgroundProp         cssProp
cssBorderProp             cssProp
cssBoxProp                cssProp
cssColorProp              cssProp
cssDimensionProp          cssProp
cssFlexibleBoxProp        cssProp
cssMultiColumnProp        cssProp
cssGeneratedContentProp   cssProp
cssGridProp               cssProp
cssHyerlinkProp           cssProp
cssListProp               cssProp
cssPositioningProp        cssProp
cssTableProp              cssProp
cssTextProp               cssProp
cssTransformProp          cssProp
cssTransitionProp         cssProp
cssUIProp                 cssProp
cssIEUIProp               cssProp
cssAuralProp              cssProp
cssMobileTextProp         cssProp
cssContentForPagedMediaProp  cssProp
cssLineboxProp            cssProp
cssMarqueeProp            cssProp
cssPagedMediaProp         cssProp
cssPrintProp              cssProp
cssRubyProp               cssProp
cssSpeechProp             cssProp
cssRenderProp             cssProp

cssAttr                   Constant
cssMediaAttr              cssAttr
cssFontAttr               cssAttr
cssCommonAttr             cssAttr
cssFontDescriptorAttr     cssAttr
cssGradientAttr           cssAttr
cssAnimationAttr          cssAttr
cssBackgroundAttr         cssAttr
cssBorderAttr             cssAttr
cssBoxAttr                cssAttr
cssFlexibleBoxAttr        cssAttr
cssMultiColumnAttr        cssAttr
cssGeneratedContentAttr   cssAttr
cssListAttr               cssAttr
cssPositioningAttr        cssAttr
cssPrintAttr              cssAttr
cssTableAttr              cssAttr
cssTextAttr               cssAttr
cssTransitionAttr         cssAttr
cssUIAttr                 cssAttr
cssIEUIAttr               cssAttr
cssAuralAttr              cssAttr
cssContentForPagedMediaAttr  cssAttr
cssDimensionAttr          cssAttr
cssGridAttr               cssAttr
cssHyerlinkAttr           cssAttr
cssLineboxAttr            cssAttr
cssMarginAttr             cssAttr
cssMarqueeAttr            cssAttr
cssPaddingAttr            cssAttr
cssPagedMediaAttr         cssAttr
cssRubyAttr               cssAttr
cssSpeechAttr             cssAttr
cssTransformAttr          cssAttr
cssRenderAttr             cssAttr

cssDeprecated             Error
cssSelectorOp             Special
cssSelectorOp2            Special
cssUnicodeEscape          Special
cssStringQ                String
cssStringQQ               String
cssAttributeSelector      String
cssUnitDecorators         Number
cssValueInteger           Number
cssValueNumber            Number
cssValueLength            Number
cssValueAngle             Number
cssValueTime              Number
cssValueFrequency         Number
cssIncludeKeyword         atKeyword
cssMediaKeyword           Statement
cssVendor                 Comment
cssMediaType              Special
cssMediaComma             Normal
cssComment                Comment
cssMediaBlock             cleared
cssInclude                Include
cssBraces                 Function
cssColor                  Constant
cssURL                    String
cssImportant              Special
cssError                  Error
cssFunction               Constant
cssDefinition             cleared
cssPseudoClass            cleared
cssPagePseudo             PreProc
cssPageWrap               cleared
cssPage                   atKeyword
cssPageMargin             atKeyword
cssAttrRegion             cleared
cssHacks                  Comment
cssKeyFrameWrap           cleared
cssKeyFrame               atKeyword
cssKeyFrameSelector       Constant
cssFontDescriptorBlock    cleared
cssFontDescriptor         Special
cssFontDescriptorFunction Constant
cssUnicodeRange           Constant
cssFunctionName           Function
cssFunctionComma          Function
cssBraceError             Error
cssAttrComma              Special
cssNoise                  Noise
cssPseudoClassId          PreProc
cssPseudoClassFn          cleared
cssSpecialCharQQ          cleared
cssSpecialCharQ           cleared
cssPseudoClassLang        Constant
atKeyword                 Comment
cssMedia                  atKeyword
